COBOL:  common business oriented language

CICS其全称是 Customer Information Control System
application servers that provide online transaction management 

J2ee  java enterprise edition
java 9 Java 9’s modularity let developers more easily maintain applications

Enterprise JavaBeans (EJB): is one of several Java APIs for modular construction of enterprise software. EJB is a server-side software component that 

JDBC java database connectivity technology  API
This technology is an API for the Java programming language that defines how a client may access a database.
It provides methods for querying

JavaServer Faces (JSF):  
MVC web framework that simplifies construction of user interfaces 
IBM Content Manager：
Content Manager enables you to easily manage your growing volume of enterprise content 

RSA:
RSA (Rivest–Shamir–Adleman)) is one of the first practical public-key cryptosystems and is widely used for secure data transmission.

WebSphere :
IBM WebSphere refers to a brand of computer software products in the genre of enterprise software known as "application and integration middleware". These software products are used by end-users to create applications and integrate applications with other applications. 


web services:
A Web service, in very broad terms, is a method of communication between two applications or electronic devices over the World Wide Web (WWW). Web services are of two kinds: Simple Object Access Protocol (www)

IBM Db2
relational model， also support no relational model
ASP.NET
a frameworl for web development to produce dynamic web pages

BPM (Business Process Management) is a business solution approach which views a business as a set of processes or workflows
C#
processing image by pixel

Clarcase : IBM

Team Foundation Server (commonly abbreviated to TFS) is a Microsoft product that provides source code management 



2.Platform independence means that you can run the same Java Program in any Operating System.
3. JVM is responsible for converting byte code into machine readable code. JVM is not platform independent,
4.Java Development Kit (JDK) is for development purpose and JVM is a part of it to execute the java programs.
5.Java Runtime Environment (JRE) is the implementation of JVM.

Analyse a system:
1.Starting with a good attitude will also help you in talking to people on the project later on.
2.Document :, collect Question 
3.Start with the data,run
4.Find core point .Make a list of the technologies used
5.read some code
6.talk to people
7.write summary

PageRank：

A refers to 3 pages
value 
one page donot refer to any page weight is 0  : dead ends
result is 【0,0,0,0,0】
pr(N) = pr(n-1)(1-B) * transition matix + B*pr(n-1) 
B = 0.2
spider traps: c refer to c result  [0,0,1,0,0,0]

HITS：
initial value hub and autority for every page is 1
a(i) = sum(h(i))
h(i) = sum(a(i))

a(i) / hightsest a
h(i) / hightest h
知道不变化


R:

